okay hey hi how are you I'm good and you
I'm doing well so what should i what do
you go by what should I call you uh Jade
is fine jade estate yeah how can I call
you dr. cake yeah I'll look or dr. K
whatever feels more comfortable to you
no it's fine well I'm never I'm so
nervous
yeah me too mmm what are you what what
what are you nervous about um I don't
know like I often talk about like house
like topics that we might talk about
today but I never talk with someone on
stream about them does it make sense
yeah sure thanks oh and one of the
topics that we might talk about today Oh
could be anything from mental health to
anxiety to traumas to I don't I don't
know like I've seen clips of yours and
usually those are like the topics so I'm
expecting those what do you want to talk
about um what do I want to talk about
well okay can you maybe talk about what
you usually do in stream like how the
process of it okay sure okay the process
of so okay so stream usually starts I
try to start on time mm-hmm like at 12
or 12:01 or 1202 and then usually the
first 5 to 10 minutes involves me trying
to fix a technical difficulty because
I'm a Boomer and I tell you what Jade I
literally do not understand this like I
swear to god there's some kind of curse
like I'm not that incompetent because
the thing that I don't understand so I
have a computer you know I have a
microphone and every time I turn on the
computer like the desktop is the same
every time I load a video game it's not
like my mouth stops working so my
understanding is that if I open stream
labs and it's configured and I haven't
touched anything it should work the
exact same way as it did the day before
all right
like I have this microphone and this
microphone is the same [ __ ]
microphone that I've been using for like
two months and then today I log on and
it's like staticky and I do not
understand how that works so I spend the
first 10 minutes trying to figure out
why the [ __ ] I'm so incompetent and
twitch at usually you know enjoys that
and or we have some fun with it and then
I give a little disclaimer I have some
kind of spiel where I usually like so
I'm an academic mm-hmm and so I tend to
like to hear myself talk
so I usually talk at my audience for
about 15 to 20 minutes about what's on
my mind and then we have an interview
with a human being and then I ask the
human being if there's some way that I
can be helpful and I have a background
in you know so I studied for a monk to
become a monk for about seven years a
monk yeah oh that's interesting yeah
that's cool and then I met my wife and
so things got confusing I mean I met her
so so you know I met her actually three
months three months in of the seven
years I met my wife and then was
thinking was planning on becoming a monk
and so studied a lot of like yoga and
meditation and spirituality and stuff
and then she is a wonderful person but
also wanted to be married to a doctor so
I decided to go to medical school and
then no way yeah kind of
and so then you know I I did
neuroscience research for a couple of
years and then studied like basically
the brain psychology and medicine for
another eight years and then now I show
up on stream and I talked to a human and
then I try to use anything from that 15
years that I've learned to try to help
them with any kind of problem that
they're having okay that's cool like
super interesting like everything
together sounds like you should write a
book
maybe one day I'll make someone write a
book for you I mean it's worth it yeah I
get it
oh yeah sure I try to write I'm trying
to write like five books no that's great
a biographical but yeah I'm glad you
found my story interesting can you tell
me about yourself mmm okay I'm Jay's I
grew up in Germany
Bona raised him lived for two years in
Thailand but now I'm back
due to Corona I wanted to be with my
family and I started streaming on Twitch
around two years ago okay but I really
got like into the community since
December before that I just did my own
thing I wasn't really associated with
any other streamers and what I stream is
basically mainly just chatting if I have
a PC like right now I try to game and
yeah I just do just chatting and and
when you say you you weren't really a
part of the community and until December
what is that how does one become a part
of the community what does that mean oh
I would say like not community but like
associated with other streamers like
before that I didn't know any other
streamers I didn't extra filly any
streamers and in December around that
time period
I got to know other streamers and that's
how I slowly got into the hole and I'm
stuck the lifestream fail hole yeah tell
me about the livestream fail hole oh it
starts usually like with one two clips
that are like really funny and then
people want to see more and then there's
more clips out of context that are not
as funny that are just really drama
creating clips and then you kind of
stuck there because all your clips keep
being posted there you can't do anything
against it really so and how does that
feel I feel helpless because I contacted
the mods of the reddit the subreddit but
they don't care obviously cuz clips and
use and abuse clips of use I mean
upwards downwards like that's all the
matters not how the people actually feel
why do you always post it there mmm
guess there's
people eventually end up on my stream
and it's hard to like stream and then
seeing all the negativity in the other I
must say from reddit specifically I got
a bunch of viewers who are really nice
just though they're of you individuals
who make it hard for me too mmm and this
is what we do by the way yeah I noticed
I see you what you do it's like the
things they write in chat I really heard
full cuz I mean I can't blamed and they
see one thing about me they don't know
anything about me and then they'll
direct accordingly to what I say okay so
yeah and what what are they what is the
slice of you or the thing that's taken
out of context that they react to it's
mostly and only very sexual the things I
say thank you really random sexual
things
like I don't say random the sexual
things that are taken out of yeah yes
yes you say random sexual things that
are taken out of context and I mean it's
altogether like something sexual but
they did take like one part of it I see
and like which looks they're really
really bad and I can't like I mean it
does but yeah I can't really defend
myself here what it is sorry about that
no okay so and and so is theirs so it
sounds like it's pretty stressful for
people to you know for people to take
things that you say out of context it
does sound like you talk about sex or
sexuality in some form on your stream
mm-hmm okay
and that gets taken out of context and
then it's kind of stressful because
you're trying to fight against a false
perception of yourself right I mean I
don't want to fight against the fact
that I am like always horny or like
somewhat perverted it's just to make it
the way they make it always seem like is
that I say they made me say those things
um okay maybe I should throw in
something I'm hyper sexual which is
something that I've been since 2016 what
does that mean dude Edie I had a sexual
trauma like sexual violence against me
and since then in order to cope with
that I started to become sexual in order
to normalize what happened to me back
then and now it became like a
unfortunately became of a trade of mine
like being always sexual I'm talking to
Lube do I make sense yeah you make
perfect sense I'm just trying to okay
although what you're saying is good I'm
not sure if I follow what I say no Jayde
let me just tell you another thing that
I do sometimes I like I will just not
say anything because I'm processing and
then I may actually ask you for time to
think about what I say and that is also
a meme mm-hmm we're all just people like
can I just think for a second okay come
but but you can keep going so you were
saying that you had a sexual trauma that
happened when in 2016
do you mind if I ask I know generally
speaking it's an impolite question to
ask so you don't have to answer it but
can you tell me like ballpark how it
will do you are I was 16
you were 16 so you're 20 now yes okay
that's very young too okay okay
hmm so what is happening okay
okay sorry someone is remote desktop
again maybe they need to fix something
that I'm not aware of but okay sorry
about that so you were saying you are
you were so you're hyper sexual as a
result of sexual trauma mm-hmm yes and
so what do you mean by what is hyper
sexual mean and oh god okay so basically
to simplify it it's just my thoughts and
fantasies my thoughts and sexual
fantasies hold me back in life like I
sabotage myself because I act
impulsively on my sexual needs and my
thoughts are usually most of time to
always on sex and well what comes with
it and it's something I tried to get rid
of really because sometimes I have it at
the most inappropriate moments like at
the funeral which is really bad it's
just I can't get rid of it's like my
mind is stuck and I really try because
I've noticed that me being like that
makes people uncomfortable and yeah I'm
really working on that too
okay so let me ask you have you seen a
mental health professional like a
psychiatrist or therapist
yeah I've seen six seven with I was
actually meant at the mental asylum
mental asylum mental hospital the roof
that is seven because it was but it was
more than one specialist but I'd taken
one category so seven okay and so you've
seen seven while you were in the
hospital or like you're talking about
before now no no like six altogether and
like when I was in the hospital like
that time I take us number seven in
there was more than one yeah and so six
therapists have they been helpful have
any of them been helpful one one was
helpful there are they made it worse
that one person was helpful I don't know
like them way they put them a lot of
things in my mind I didn't think about
beforehand wish
me worry more and more okay like but the
one that helped me was the one who was
to say straightforward he was like an
[ __ ]
he was straightforward he didn't care
about my Felix and that's exactly what I
needed and he said basically if you
forget back then I was a I I was in the
asylum because I tried to take my life
not assign imma keep saying asylum
mental hospital and he basically said so
you don't want to be here anymore and me
back then super dramatic no and he said
then
so how would she like the idea of you
being buried and your siblings would be
around your grave and that like that
image made me realize that I don't want
to die yeah it was tough I was there
seventeen my arms were open and I was
just really blank and I had only one
thought which was I want I don't want to
be here anymore
and then after he said that I just I
realized I can't do this I can't leave
them behind so do you remember why you
didn't want to be alive yeah yes I do
it's yeah that's why I'm here like I am
in general I'm always comfortable about
talking anything and everything because
I hope by me being open about it that
someone will see it and eventually open
up
I had a depression since I've been 8 and
I always had like this constant sadness
like like this in order to how I says
every time I was sad I thought it would
better to hurt myself because the pain
would be better than the feelings I feel
and I was always the sadness wherever I
would be and then bad fix it happened
like in 2016 or when I was younger like
all together those felt so heavy and I
felt like a burden because I could see
my parents always worried they always
had this worry in their eyes like when
they asked me somethings how are they
they say how are they like how are you
but in my case every time I felt like
when they asked me how I am
it was more like checking like am i
stable am i mentally ok and I just
really felt like a burden constantly so
some point I felt like let's just get it
over with and do you just feel like a
burden
not as much sometimes
emotionally I feel like a burden to them
but not like like me I earn my own money
I am in that way I'm independent but
like emotionally I do you think that I
weighed them down sometimes and yeah
it's I don't know it's like when parents
hide from their children that they cry
because I don't want them to feel
worried that's how I feel like now I
don't want the emotion around them
anymore cause I'm afraid that they will
worry again Jim I think for a second
turn off my marker because someone is
it's distracting so they're trying to I
think fix something but let me just
think the the therapist who was helpful
was the one that you saw when you were
in the hospital no that was the one
after the hospital and why did you stop
seeing them because I felt I don't want
a long-term thing I want someone who
helps me like for a couple of months and
then I'm done
like I back then I was just really edgy
like oh I just want to party like what's
the point of going every Wednesday there
and after you said I felt like okay I
don't need him anymore I don't want to
die anymore
so I was like okay I'm done but that was
just what do you think wish me what I
need yeah fundamentally there is nothing
really I need it's just always like in
moments like where you once like someone
to cry on her shoulder like a hug like
simple things like this in moments what
I needed but like right now no I don't
need anything maybe if I do
but right now I wouldn't know what to
say to be honest because there's nothing
really right now my mind I need that
yeah so I think that's a problem it is
yes so I'm gonna just toss this out so I
think what I'm hearing from you is that
your perception of your needs depend on
individual states of mind hmm but I I
think you need something how can I say
this I think you need something right
now because I I don't get the sense that
you're well mm-hmm right so you may be
functional and you may actually be like
80 percent healthy or 90 percent healthy
but it still sounds like you have a
particular function of your mind which
is out of your control and what what it
sounds like when you try to fix
something is when you perceive that
something is broken does that make sense
yeah and I think that's a problem
because just because you don't perceive
it's broken
doesn't mean that it isn't broken and
that it can't be worked on hold on my my
mind is so let me put it this way I get
the sense that what so like you deal
with fires whenever they start so like
your house starts burning like it
catches on fire then you take a bucket
of water and you're like I don't then
you put out the fire right make sense
but what I'm getting the sense of is
that your your house maybe catches fire
pretty frequently and so even though you
only need water when it catches fire
there may be some value to working on
yourself in between the times that your
house is burning so that it doesn't
catch fire is often all right what do
you think about that and sorry because I
didn't explain it very well but I mean I
don't understand somewhat but I'd never
put I didn't really see you like that
like at all like I didn't feel like I
didn't think that I give off the
presence that I am NOT okay and when I'm
not okay that I fix a meal ages and then
okay again this makes sense yeah so so
but is that what you like you basically
you try to become okay when you're not
okay
um that I wouldn't even say okay that's
it what it but means okay like
emotionally okay or together like what
but do you understand under being okay
yeah so let me even take a step back
okay so are you happy with who you are
right now and the way that your life is
oh no I think I can improve okay what do
you what do you wish was different about
your life
um above my life specifically maybe my
living situation cuz I had like I again
like I mentioned I left at Thailand now
I'm back in Germany but I currently
living at my grandparents was just
awesome I love them but I want my own
life kind of like that's like a one part
that I would like to change here are you
happy as a person um sometimes like I do
have my moments like yeah I'm good okay
mm-hmm
I think I'm I'm rubbing up against the
same thing but I just don't know exactly
how to
hold on sorry this is great confusing if
someone's on my desktop again so ok let
me just think about this for a second
hmm okay let's keep talking I'm gonna
try to piece this together in my mind as
we talk so you say you're happy
sometimes yeah but I think it's normal
no like yes you bad times you good times
yeah yeah so some people have a sense of
overall contentment or happiness that is
not an emotion here here we go okay so
they're there too when I say the word
happy there are two things that I'm
referring to one is an emotion and an
emotion is something that you experience
in the present and the second is like an
overall sense of like contentment with
your life okay okay so my answer to this
I don't think so I think so is I agree
so the old state the overt state of man
like yeah heavy and and and so then when
I ask you and some of this could be a
language barrier but when I ask you you
know what do you feel like you need and
when you say nothing I feel like you
need something because I don't think
that your overall sense of contentment
is there and that something needs to be
worked on or changed for you to feel
overall happy and content with your life
okay no I understand okay then let's go
back to the question what do I need I
feel like what I mostly need is a sense
of progress cuz I feel like the past
weeks I haven't had any progress
whatsoever as a matter of fact I feel
like I'm took a huge step back in life
when if something happened over the past
few weeks uh know it well months in that
case it's actually been quite a while
but again I have to go back to the thing
where I lived in Thailand and I kept it
my life there for two years and then
something happened and like having my
own life and just going back to my old
life
that really took a toll on me okay and
yeah so need to progress in life that's
but it's a little bit difficult because
I actually planned on taking it step by
perhaps staying away in America but now
I can't obviously sound like a little
bit like that's my issue it made like a
goal like oh and free months are going
to America and then I'm gonna do this
injustice but not because of do to covet
and the well the other issues that are
going on right now I can't do that so I
had to again do step back and now I feel
like I'm stuck in my old life can you
tell me about what your old life is like
well living in my city which is a
beautiful city
my family's here I'm happy to have
across with my family but I left the
city my home for a reason was I because
I connect with this place sadness I am
sad in living in my city living and
Jeremy maybe all together
but maybe the the people the memories
the a lot of okay I don't want to do the
victim card cuz I have done things in
life that are not okay
but no I'm just saying what I've said
now things like Oh betrayal and like
pain like sounds like I always got pain
but I also did things that were not okay
but I mean yeah but I connect whole
things I asked you what makes you sad
yes but I wanted to say like the that
the pain I got by living here and the
amount of times I've been betrayed and
lied to and like like in general it's
more negative feelings that I have
connected to my home than positive yeah
but but I thought why did you feel the
need to say I don't want to play the
victim card because it's like right now
the way I talk it sounds like I'm really
like I'm being a victim but I don't want
to be a victim I don't want to make it
sound like that it's just I can't say it
any differently because that's how I
feel
so why do you feel like this is being
made why do you think you sound like a
victim okay I guess all I do right now
is like complain and complain and only
like if I've only talked about negative
things right now I don't know
you mean right now is in over the course
of this conversation yeah it makes you
feel like really like Oh pity me like
and I want to do you think I'm hitting
you know like that's how I feel about
myself and hear myself talk I agree
that's yeah so so let's just look at
that for a second yeah so you have a
perception hold on sorry
there's I'm trying to give birth to a
thought and I'm trying to make it so I
want you to notice that when you start
to talk about your pain there is a part
of your mind that invalidates or D
values your experience hmm do you see
that yeah I do I feel like that's
significant but I'm not quite sure how
or why do you have any idea how that
could be significant no okay maybe you
need another fought baby I do need
another thought baby would it be okay if
you are you a victim no I don't see
myself as a victim what do you see
yourself as I wouldn't I don't know if I
can label myself to be honest well you
see yourself as something because it's
not a victim no not even I just know I'm
not an another victim I don't know
exactly
well light I don't know exactly what I
am but to that question I'm no I'm not
so so so okay no no no no it's it's
great
no so Jade I think I get it right so let
me put it this way your sense of
identity is built on the idea that you
are not a victim that's what your
identity is yeah right so like that
seems weird to me in some way I'm not
quite sure why I'm not saying you're ill
or anything so let me let me let me say
a couple you want to say you look like
everyone sees no it's just maybe I have
this mind like saying that I'm not a
victims because when I look at other
people's when they talk the way I talk
about what I just mentioned and
everything people always label them as
victims or like survivors and so I just
when I don't know that that's how it's
like online like first time they meet
you movement and they're people call
them survivors and victims and so on and
that's why I said like I am NOT that
after mentioning everything I mentioned
what's wrong with being that there's
absolutely nothing wrong with that it's
just that's not how I see myself
so what's wrong with you seeing yourself
that way dad I don't know it's just it
doesn't sit with me
right what doesn't sit with you so if I
were to say you Jade I think you are a
victim
so it sounds weak to me not that being a
victim is weakness it's just again no no
no no no it is hold on let's be clear
about what you're saying okay how do you
feel right now you feel okay I've been
cornered I see that I'm sorry by you and
a son that's one good the son is alive
I've recruited the Sun to shine in your
face okay so so I I get that you feel
cornered so let's just talk about that
for a second yes what are we doing
that's making you feel cornered mmm
maybe it's because for Safari Kevin
comes not that I want to conclusions
just usually you talk about something
then you come to in conclusion but we
keep jumping and jumping and I feel like
overwhelmed
the range of topics we've been already
talking about so I apologize for that
no it's that's that's not it's not a bad
thing it's like it came from me as well
like I jumped all so so sure but can I
apologize for it no I don't think that
it's just of course yes of course you
can apologize okay do you forgive me
yeah we do
thank you so I'll try to jump around a
little bit less and I wonder if you're
feeling cornered because I'm looking at
something that you makes you
uncomfortable like all this talk I've
gotten the sense that you felt cornered
since we started talking about your
identity as a victim or not a victim yes
because I never thought about that topic
like the other things we talked about
came up to my mind but that's
specifically I'm I'm prepared you could
say so I really wanted to yeah so let's
talk about that for a second so I think
usually the way in which I try to help
people is by not talking about what they
understand but talking about what they
don't understand and I do think that it
makes sense to me like for example I
haven't asked you a whole lot about your
sexual perversions and stuff like that
because I think you get that stuff and
it's the cool thing is that your that
looks really uncomfortable this one is
almost good so so in a sense Jade
because you have thought about that and
talked about all that stuff you're able
to actually explain it to me very like
succinctly and then like I feel
comfortable moving on because like you
actually understand all that stuff yes
and and I I do think that what we're
running up against is okay so while we
wait for the Sun I'm gonna compose my
thoughts okay okay
okay give me just give me a minute
okay I'm ready so either this is gonna
make sense it's not gonna make any sense
at all then we have to go back to the
drawing board okay okay okay so
something happened to you when you were
right yes and then you say that you're
not a victim right yeah okay so like so
when I asked you like who are you you're
like I don't know but I'm not a victim
so I think your sense of identity is
built around the fact that you are not a
victim like that's who you are it's like
it's it's a sense of identity that's
built around negative space it's not
like I am this it's what I am is not
this and then when I ask you like okay
what's wrong with being a victim and
then you say well like being a victim is
weak and then you do something very
simple like very tricky and then you say
other victims aren't weak but I'm if I'm
a victim you don't blame other people
for like being victims if they're
sexually assaulted but you don't get to
blame yourself if you were sexually
assaulted you see how you do that
because you don't think other people are
weak but you think yourself is weak if
you are a victim yeah right and then
what happens is like there's something
weird because if you were sexually
assaulted and Europe if there's a victim
there's a perpetrator right there's a
criminal and for that relationship to
exist if someone is a victim it's not
their fault it's the other person's
fault right and so then the question
becomes if you're not a victim then
whose fault is it I may be but on who is
responsible for what happened to you
when you were 16 I think both parties me
and the person did it to me okay how do
you feel like you're responsible
there there were rules like that I
didn't like them there were rules you
shouldn't be out that long and I went
out longer than that order longer than
the curfew and I drank so I was drunk
and I broke the rules
that's how I got into your situation so
that's why I feel like I definitely am
to blame here okay as well can I think
about that for a second yeah
actually first let me take a step back
what did you think about what I shared
earlier about like what happened to you
and like sort of the identity of being a
non victim and it may be sound like a
hypocrite kind of like the way yeah they
Kathy got it I definitely see how what i
hiccup hypocrite I am being well so I so
I'd be careful so I wouldn't use the
word hypocrite but I understand what you
mean so this is what I would say I think
you hold yourself to a different
standard than you hold other people what
do you think about right sure
is that what you mean by hypocrite like
you judge yourself differently from the
way that you judge other people I mean
yeah but I mean that's true
I do a lot myself different than other
people that's true I have a different
opinion they say it's someone who has
the same experience as I do I would
still judge differently denied judge
myself yeah and so the reason I wouldn't
quite call it a hypocrite is because I
think a hypocrite tends to judge
themselves unfairly in like a positive
way mm-hmm whereas I think you actually
are the office of America which is that
sure you have a double standard but
you're harder on yourself than you are
on other people hmm what do you think
about that
I never really noticed till now I mean
what would you say though so let's think
about it now I mean yeah just judging by
the example that we just have with me
saying I'm weak and daughters aren't it
does sound like I'm harder myself I'm
like I'm my biggest critic but I like to
be that I like to be my biggest critic
my biggest hater so others can't be
doesn't make sense yeah there we go
there it is okay what it sounded like
they came and fought to some like
everything up like there it is like oh
I'm sorry didn't I felt like that was a
very significant statement what okay I I
really am not sure about anything I say
right now okay that's okay maybe I'm
relying too much on your thoughts right
now - in order to understand mine that's
just maybe that's my thing I think
that's probably true yeah okay that's
also a good observation how are you
feeling right now Jade I can imagine
you're feeling quite uncomfortable no
not uncomfortable it's of course as we
talked about things I've never really
considered or came up to my mind like
it's it's it's new that's all yeah good
yeah so it's foreign okay so what did
you say you say you like to blame
yourself more than what why are you so
harsh on yourself oh okay this is a
stupid but do you know the movie pitch
perfect no there's this girl called fat
Amy and she just calls her name she
calls us her fat Amy so other people's
can call her fat and after watch a movie
something in my mind was like that makes
sense so I became like that as well I
think I judge myself harder I'm in
general like always see like the
negative things first
and then perhaps a positive mm-hmm say
yeah so so I think you said something in
it I think you said it beautifully that
you you liked to you know put yourself
down or blame yourself so that other
people can't hurt you more than you can
hurt yourself yes what do you think
about that that's toxic and yeah and
also it is not stupid okay so I know I
agree with you that it's toxic but
there's something very very adaptive
so here's here are the two scenarios
okay so here I I think it's very
important for you to do that for
yourself right now and I and let me
explain to you why okay so I'm gonna
need a second to collect my thoughts
again so I'm gonna lay out two scenarios
for you okay there's one world in which
you don't know if you're a good person
or a bad person and maybe people will
treat you with love and maybe people
will treat you with hate and that's a
scary world that go to live in because
you don't know what's gonna happen when
you step outside your door you could get
hugged and you could get punched and
that's [ __ ] terrifying there's
another world in which I wake up every
morning and I punch myself in the face
and I survive that and then I know that
when I step outside no one out there can
hurt me in a way that I won't be able to
survive because I've already hit myself
and I can survive so nothing that the
world can send me is gonna knock me down
hmm because I've already done it to
myself which world do you think is safer
the second
absolutely why because there's nothing
unexpected I already know absolutely so
the thing is Jade what you need is
courage hmm you need courage to
entertain the possibility that you could
live in the first world right because
it's scary because you don't know how
people are gonna treat you and so if you
beat yourself up and you know you can
survive that then you have nothing to
fear from the rest of the world does
that make sense
it's like fear becomes a non-issue
because you're already doing the worst
to yourself that can possibly be done
and so it's like no big deal no big deal
you have nothing to worry about you can
go out you can be happy some days you
can be sad some days but as long as
you're beating the [ __ ] out of yourself
every day you can enjoy a wonderful
sandwich or be disappointed but as long
as you're beating the crap out of
yourself people can hate you on Twitch
people can love you on Twitch you can
deal with their criticism because at the
end of the day nothing they can do is
worse than what you do to yourself and
if you can survive what you do to
yourself you can survive what they're
gonna do to you mmm what do you think
about that Oh sounds like I really have
to step out of my comfort zone okay so
so be careful Jade so you took one step
ahead you said what you need to do about
it I'm not asking what you need to do
about it
no you wouldn't think that's what that I
need to do that sort of think about it
that yeah I know I know that you think
of mine that this state is safe but not
good necessarily what what do you mean
do you think that the why not both are
really optimal but say like this but
maybe I should that say it like gonna
fun ways switch it up a little bit sure
so I think that that makes sense but I
don't even want you to talk about what
you should do okay so I'm asking so I
presented to you a possibility of what
could be true about your life in the way
that you look at yourself
before we figure out whether how to fix
it what I'd first like to understand
because sometimes I'm wrong about this
[ __ ] so like does that resonate with you
like we can talk about how to fix it
later but is that right or like off-base
sir
I mean and I don't really say it's right
or wrong it's just it's good to know
doesn't make sense like do you think it
applies happen mind um I'm the first
scenario where you're like they doesn't
agree I hit myself every morning and I
go out and there'd everyone sure the
other one I'm not kind of present sure
what's the other one punching the
punching and the hugging okay yeah so I
don't think you do that the first one I
think you do the second one yes I think
the second one describes how you view
yourself and why yeah like it's like it
goes back like you you're incredibly
invalidating towards yourself yeah no
it's just the courage part got me that I
need to just be more courageous adjust
like elite courageous like in general
like that's stuck with me for at the
whole topic we just had the what courage
you just threw out that okay so that
bothers me a little bit so I'm gonna run
something by Jade I'm really gonna need
your help and I'm sorry because this is
super weird hypothetical abstract stuff
so okay so try to run with me let me see
if I see if you can follow me and if you
can't I apologize because it's it's
gonna be hard to explain I'm wondering
if you latched on to the only part that
is where you're lacking like so I
basically said there's one thing that is
wrong with Jade and that's she needs
more courage and that's the one thing
that you ran towards does that make
sense
yes are you just piggybacking on the
idea that I picked the one flaw and
you're saying yes I can get behind the
flaw because Jade needs to be better
do you see that am i no I see that I see
that absolutely right it's weird right
because you're like you're kind of
piling on to like oh yeah like oh sure
there's something wrong with me
absolutely I can get behind that that's
what I'm hearing from you in a weird way
yeah so I don't think that that's
actually helpful because that's you
that's you that's you hitting yourself
again because you're saying oh I'm not
courageous enough yeah I'm weak
sometimes I see did are you familiar
with like games and like skill trees
where you have like abilities and yes
yeah and I just saw right now that I
leveled up of you skill trees and the
courage one I didn't it level up enough
so maybe I went the I tried to level up
that one as quick as possible even
though I there might be out of school
trees I need to level up first that's
how I just thought maybe right now like
oh dad my dad needs level up yeah so so
my point is that your mind is going to
look at whichever skill tree you're the
worst at in falling into the trap of
like me not being so the other way we
can think about it is I need courage I'm
gonna translate that as I'm not good
enough
does that make sense and so like I think
the core part of your identity is the
belief that you're not good enough that
other people deserve to be victims but
you don't that other people can afford
to take a day off if they've been
sexually assaulted at the age of sixteen
but if you do that you're weak hmm so I
think you're very quick to pile on to
any deficiency which I point out to you
but I want to be really careful because
I don't want you to I don't want to let
you get away with that
and that's also why I don't care about
what you want to do to fix it because
you're always looking about I don't
think you need to fix anything what do
you think about that I mean in general I
don't think I need necessarily fixing
either it's more like I'm up improvement
that I want like I don't know I feel
like I can improve myself what do you
think that's wrong with yourself
anything mmm yeah there are a few things
but of course you can
so this fro randomly out what I can
improve or sure procrastinating
procrastinating yeah that's okay
so I was asking like are you sure I can
throw it like anything no no I'm glad
because I'm glad you threw that out
because I was trying to get a sense of
that whether that's I think that that's
I agree with you that all that stuff you
can improve I don't think that that's
what we're talking about
what are you mean like emotional
improvement uh sure I let me just think
can I think for a second yes do you have
questions for me I mean I always every
time you ask me something I want to ask
it back but I don't know if it's like
yeah yeah not right now but like in the
future I ask okay I'm glad I'm good
because I wasn't sure if I will touch
like you emotional boundaries or I don't
know ask away like I don't know good in
the future you touch my emotional
boundaries meaning if you want to ask me
like personal questions about myself
well when you ask if it personal
sometimes I feel like what do you feel
about like how do you feel about it or
do you can you did you ever experience
if like that that's like why don't when
I ask back but then I remember that I
don't know like ask go for it's it's a
different go for home hmm I'm trying to
figure out whether this is helping you
or not what do you think this our talk
yeah um okay helping is a big word I
think is a big word it's me somewhat
clarification about like things I didn't
know I needed to focus on like it's
interesting to talk about things that
never came up to my mind so it's just
very educational all of this but yeah
yeah how do you don't like the ideation
you're okay you're completely fine
focusing on something but you're really
not okay fixing something are you
uh fixing and I I mean I didn't come
here to fix something good maybe that's
why maybe that's why I'm not focus on
that right now do you think do you think
it's okay to need to be fixed yeah it's
okay
I don't know necessarily like all
together is okay to fix absolutely but
do you think you're allowed to be broken
yes good I guess I was afraid for a
moment that like you were moving away
for like it was like the same thing
where you won't let yourself be a victim
no I think it's okay okay good that
makes me think that you aren't broken
hmm really
Wow so I think the capacity to accept
that you could be broken and that it's
okay to be broken is a sign that you're
not broken that's that's actually
interesting what's interesting about
that that that's when you're broken and
you realize you're broken that
technically doesn't mean you that broken
yep
that is good to know really really free
so what I don't know why it's it's a
good feeling
yeah of course I was are your words
someone else might say something
completely different but like hearing it
from someone else's yeah cool I think we
call that acceptance yeah so when I
think about someone who's like
narcissistic you can sue poor
egotistical like they're broken on the
inside but they don't let themselves be
broken they're like no I'm fine
everything's okay I'm the best even
though they don't feel that way and then
once they start to acknowledge oh maybe
I am a little bit broken and it's okay
to be broken they can forgive themselves
for not being perfect you know they can
they can blame themselves a little bit
less for being weak and therein lies
their strength
my brain is taking so much information
right now I'm sorry I just had like a
short AFK moment just thinking yeah I
take afk I I the only difference between
me and you is I tell you I'm going FK
yeah I should do that too like by the
way I'm afk yeah let me know when you
need to go afk okay alright yeah this
how do you feel right now
like I feel like I want to know a little
bit how you feel right now at a moment
like talking to me do you like are you
feeling neutral or is there like some
kind of emotion you face I'm glad you
asked because I was just about to share
my feelings good so I was just saying
that I feel like the conversation is
like we're circling around something and
we keep on like touching and moving away
from it like we can't just get our hands
on it that's how I feel okay what do you
think yeah that's what I said pretty
much early new conversation that we jump
and jump and don't come to conclusion so
yeah yeah come a sating I'm trying to
I'm trying to grab it but I don't know
how to grab it I grabbed what exactly
like yeah so that's the problem is I
don't know what it is until we grab
inside but really I tend to share with
you what I've what I've understood so
like let me let me try to summarize and
then you let me know like what you think
is a worthwhile thing to further explore
and maybe we can talk more about what
hypersexuality is or how that works or
you know some other simple topic that
you're well-versed in so so Jade I I do
think that there's something toxic about
the way that you look at yourself and I
think that that toxicity is protective
and it kind of goes back to this thing
that like I I do think that at the end
of the day where there are things that
you did to put yourself in a bad
situation yes sure where did you do
things that are stupid sure but I don't
think that getting sexually assaulted is
really your fault mm-hmm and this is
something I'll just be blunt I don't
know if your therapists have told you
this before but usually victims of
sexual
self sexual-assault blame themselves
like that's really common like victims
of abuse blame themselves like I've
worked with you know victims of domestic
violence who will say like yeah he hit
me because I didn't like like the food
that I served him was burnt it was my
fault
right and it's like if you really try to
argue with them about that like they're
not gonna understand but it's [ __ ]
weird right they're like I did this
therefore he did this I am and I think
what it comes down to is control because
if it's their fault then they're still
in control and that can feel good but if
you are a victim you let go of control
in your life and you acknowledge that
there are people out there that can do
things to you that are not your fault
and that's actually terrifying yeah
because most people would rather live in
a world where like if bad things happen
to them it's my fault because that's
like way more easier to live with it's
really hard to live with the idea that
I'm walking down the street and I get
hit by a meteor like that's [ __ ] a
scary world live in so it bothers me a
little bit that you have difficulty
viewing yourself as a victim and that
also if you view yourself as a victim
you view yourself as weak like I don't
think that that's healthy I don't think
that that's fair I think you should
allow be allowed to be a victim and I
don't think that being a victim makes
you weak and the crazy thing and now we
get to like what I really don't like
about what you're doing to yourself is
this double standard which is you say
that it's okay for other people to be
victims and it's okay for them to be
weak but it's not okay for me to be a
victim it's not okay for me to be weak I
just don't think that that's fair to you
well it isn't I guess FK just bring it
out they're good yeah not once did I
feel that I actually have a double
standard like at all
this is completing used to me so I'm a
little bit overwhelmed with that Fahd
yeah well you can let me know when
you're back at the keyboard yeah I'm
here I'm trying I'm trying
you could take more time KPD sure it's
more like I think you should keep the
coalition maybe a little bit flowing ok
sure how I'd sure so then let me ask you
this are you kind to yourself before I
answer what kind like kind by treating
myself nice way going shopping or kind
like to me as a person trying to use a
person kind to myself no I mean the
thing is I'm saying no because I'm not
not that I do the opposite I just don't
know if I ever try to yep it's like it's
cool it's like I know I'm sorry I I
don't mean to I like it I like it thank
you so so I sometimes I say that's
because you know our conversation is
super ambiguous so I say that's the
right answer because it makes it less
ambiguous but I I do think that that's
important to think about right is I
don't think you really know how to do
that no and and I think this doesn't
even have to do the sexual trauma I
think this started at 8 apparently hmm
what do you think about that
no I did it before that I mean I don't
remember for that I wasn't really sad
do you remember is so okay now I'm gonna
try to teach you something so I'm gonna
ask you a question and I suspect that
you may have an answer but that there's
gonna be a part of your mind that says
that that is the wrong answer and
therefore you're not gonna want to share
it mm-hmm okay so prepare yourself did
something happen to you when you were
eight or before you were eight that you
remember that made you feel sad yeah at
seven I think No seven no yes okay was
seven and I was at a verge of turning
eight
and it happened like the first unkind
interaction with humans
basically like before that I didn't ever
have any negative interaction with
anyone and that one really got me like
badly what happened
uh I I got beaten up by a bunch of guys
like I mean they were like a little bit
older than me
Manoj differ children but that was like
the first and tough one like I don't
know like it usually starts like maybe
people who calling you names I didn't
even start like I would like straight on
like beating up and I just remember like
that not only dad not only day
unkindness like it was a not public area
people would pass that's like where I
first realized that humans are really
really awful and it took quite some time
till someone actually stopped them from
kicking me and beating me and I don't
know like that really had a toll on me
like changed completely after that what
did you learn I learned not to trust
I learned not to keep my waltz down ever
always up I learned that you can only
count on yourself because if you count
on others it might never happen or
happens too late um so now let me ask
you something Jade the person who
believed who counts only on themselves
if that person gets sexually assaulted
whose fault is it
well that scenario that person how do
you feel yeah hey I do so now I'm gonna
ask you a question when you say you're
partly to blame and they're partly to
blame
do you really believe that or do you
believe that you're all to blame okay go
ahead
I I think I feel that both not but I
mean I'll in my scenario I still think I
have some Fault in it in your scenario
do you think you have some fault
most of the faults are all not
oh there's to be feel like you have all
the fault and use the same time that you
have some of the fault there's a
difference between thinking and feel I I
think I do I do like again like I
mentioned I there were rules and I broke
them and I deal with the consequences in
the worst possible way that bores
possibly there's worse but yeah i yeah i
did that and i would like to say no
thank you it's enough yeah good yeah
it's good that you're honest have
yourself right yeah so I think it's
tricky because a part of what we're
doing here is
so I think you're doing really good Jade
thanks you doing really well as well
thank you because I think it's hard to
say things that we feel to be true even
when we know it doesn't make any sense
hmm and and everything that I hear from
you makes me feel or think let me think
about that yeah makes me think that you
feel like yeah you feel like everything
is your fault like you feel in a sense
control and you feel responsible and I
think it's scary to live in your life
where human beings cannot be trusted
hmm and can't be counted on and so in a
sense it doesn't surprise me at all that
your mind thinks about sexual [ __ ] all
the time with people because like that's
such a safe way to think safe in what
way cuz like sex is just sex there's no
need for trust there's no need for
connection you know it's like like you
don't have to in the basement of your
mind there's all of this [ __ ] and you
never have to go down there if you're
thinking about sex and I really wanted
to say something more graphic but then I
thought that that could be true so I
didn't say that I feel you
right but like you see when like I don't
I don't think you're hyper sexual
thinking is gonna go away unless you
have other ways of thinking about people
all right and as long as you in like you
can't think about people without
grappling with these ideas that like you
are fundamentally alone in this world
like you love your parents and I know
what you know what love means and it's
clear to me that those connections are
important to you but I do believe that
there is a parse part of you there's a
seven-year-old girl in there
is still alive and well and feels
fundamentally alone Oh are we jump you
to conclusion or is this just like
statements I don't know what do you
think it is I mean it there's a lot of
to me it sounds like facts it probably
is faxed no hypotheses maybe I did okay
better um I didn't know two words in
English yeah yeah no it's not you gotta
remember I don't know I met you like an
hour ago so yes I don't know what I'm
talking about
Yeah right no I mean I see truth the
things you say not all of it
I don't like they're a few parts where
I'm feel like I don't know if that's
really good um but I do see yeah yeah
you want me to tell you or sure if you
want to but let me let me be clear I
don't tell you truth you tell us truth
right you're the one who determines
what's right and what's wrong
my job is to generate for you hypotheses
which then you tell us what's right and
what's wrong
yeah tell Ric as a guide I don't see you
as a savior but yeah it's you guided
well so far okay there's things you said
that will stick with me for quite some
time which is good we have time we have
quarantine I have a lot of time to work
on those yeah
oh and general talked about them but
yeah sous-vide honest my mind I wouldn't
say it's blank it's just right now
there's too much you think about I
wouldn't I don't really know what to say
now to you yeah good okay so you know
maybe this is bad but you know the
session doesn't have to have a climax
okay all right we can just sort of can I
can I make sexual jokes or is that
inappropriate
go ahead that's my whole my whole life's
just you know Jade we can just go limp
and that's good yeah they got me off
guard even though I asked for it yeah
yeah yeah um that's usually how I roll
what what is on your agenda a pod for me
today like am I like the only thing
you're gonna stream today or say like
something coming afterwards yeah so I
actually spend most of my day doing
doctoring so I I saw three patients in
the morning before stream mm-hmm and
then this is all I do like I can't do
this for more than two hours because I
find it mentally exhausting like it's
good but I feel spent at the end you
know I I think kind of like yourself
like you know I get the sense you have a
lot in your head and I have lot in my
head too so I can't do anything else
I mean sometimes we'll do things
afterward but I basically do the
interview I scream for about two hours
and then and then I've got a little bit
of a break
so I usually after I scream I try to
walk around for a little bit or I'll
Drive or and I'll just like sort of sit
and not do anything and just let my
thoughts do whatever they want to do and
then I think today I have two meetings
afterward I have a meeting with the
healthy gamer team about we launched our
coaching program yesterday and so
exciting yeah so we're just gonna check
in and see how that's going and then I
have another meeting about research
because we're trying to study this and
we're collaborating we're in the process
of talking with a couple of universities
about collaborating to study what we do
and see if it like you know get real
researchers in here because I'm not a
real researcher so we do some research
on our programs to like sort of because
I'm a scientist sort of but I'm not
really a super competent researcher I
tend to be a better clinician so I'm
better at talking to people than looking
at statistics and so we have a research
meeting because I really want to know I
want to collect data and make
sure that what we're trying to do for
the community is actually helping them
that's great
yeah so I've got two meetings and then
at 5:00 p.m.
either I'll play with my kids or I'll
play video games for about half an hour
to an hour yes yes
and then from 6 p.m. on word its family
time so you're like all together your
mind never really stops apart from when
you take a walk and maybe play games
like apart from those you're like always
like when you play a few kids you put or
are you like blank when you play a few
kids
no I I'd say is where I usually get
about half an hour of and sometimes
tired at 8:00 and stuff but yeah good
okay because right now you just taught
me so many things they can feel like
when do you rest but it's good that you
meditate also you're very good at caring
for other people oh thanks um yeah right
I got you how long have you been talking
I've lost like it's been all dynamic in
our yeah how it feels in eternity not
good at I like the topics were heavy yep
um but welcome none of them make me
fundamentally uncomfortable so just a
Froude out there we'll try better next
time no all good I mean I think so far
for session yeah yeah I'm glad you feel
that way I too feel like it's been heavy
like we've been so I called this work
yes it's like work
it's like exhausting yeah take a smell a
mental brainpower but how did you even
start like with twitch like was it
something you felt like because of
gaming you're like hey I could do that
as well or did someone recommend you
know so what happened was like I was
working with gamers like so I've been
working with gamers for about five or
six years and I realized that like I'm
having the same conversations with
people like over and over and over again
then maybe there are like 35 or 40
things that I talk about with gamers and
so I wonder
and like what happened is I started to
get like more popular I started getting
more requests for help than I can manage
mm-hmm and so then I had this crazy idea
and I was like I wonder if someone
because since I'm having the same 35 or
40 like core issues with gamers that we
work on I wonder if someone if I worked
with someone and people could watch it
could they benefit from it hmm and
that's why we started streaming that's
great that's really nice of you
I think everyone appreciates your
content cuz I keep to hearing from
people on my desk or that they watch you
and it actually helps hearing and like
relating to the issues each streamer has
or even you have so yeah that's great
yeah thank you
it's nice to be appreciated I feel very
supported by like us
I don't know how yes like our people
yeah so I feel like I'm not doing it
alone anymore which for what for many
years I felt like I was doing it alone
instead it bother you not really it I
just felt like it was insufficient
because what would happen is I get you
know calls from like Singapore and Iran
and you know Palestine and like yeah
like Thailand and you're like lots of
places in Europe obviously lots of
places in the US and Canada and people
would ask me for help and I was like I
just can't do that because I would also
you know I also have like a job where I
have to make money and support my family
and stuff like that so I was working on
that stuff and then I was pretty
academically involved at the institution
that I trained and things like that so
you know I had like all these like like
I sort of felt like I had my real life
which is like job and family and also
professional ambitions I was pretty
ambitious and worked pretty hard and you
know so it was like having a career and
then like the gaming stuff was sort of
on the side it was something that I felt
you know like I wanted to help these
people because I had suffered in the
same way you suffered
yeah oh yeah so you know
so I started playing video games when I
was a kid and then basically failed out
of college or almost failed out of
college after two years I don't know if
you know what a GPA is but like from
zero to four like for being all A's and
zero being all laughs I had less than a
2.0 which means I had less than a C
average
so I basically you know got C's D's and
F's it took me five years to graduate
because I failed a bunch of classes and
so it was really struggling and that's
the reason I sort of started going
towards the monk thing because I was
failing out of school and I went to
India and I stayed there for a few
months at an ashram or a monastery and I
discovered yoga and it was amazing and I
loved it and I decided I was gonna
become a monk
and I didn't care about school and
school was beneath me and all those
people who want jobs and careers and
families like I'm gonna be better than
them I'm gonna be deeply spiritual and
I'm going to rise above all these
material things and pursue this higher
goal which made me better than all the
people who lived life better than I did
because I sucked at life and they were
good at life and I needed some way to
feel better than them hmm
so that's why I wanted to become a monk
so bad so fundamentally became a monk
for the wrong reasons
yes I didn't actually become a monk but
yeah I was trained because right your
wife and children yes it's not really a
monk lifestyle no that's really
interested any others video games right
you can't own anything that's all I know
like yeah well too bad you have like
everything yeah it's yeah sex to be you
know oh yeah that's interesting
really really interesting I could listen
to your story actually [ __ ] what so till
you don't have anything to say anymore
because it's really how does it feel to
ask me questions I mean I like it I like
to get to know at the other side
it's like an exchange I gave you a lot
of my information I might as well take a
view of yours
yep oh that's good let me can I ask you
just you know one question about that
wouldn't be okay so I understand it in
exchange and I'm with that a hundred
percent mm-hmm would you feel okay if I
helped you and you didn't give me
anything in return
yes okay good I'm happy to it's just no
right now I guess iteration I'd like to
get to know more about uterus so we've
got so I've got about 15 minutes right
and so one thing is sometimes I teach
people to meditate and if you're
interested I can teach you how to
meditate or if you prefer you can ask
questions and I love to talk about
myself cuz I'm I used to do a lot of she
gone okay good Nick she going sorry good
fits yeah I might get back to that I
just stopped doing it since I came back
to Germany but now hearing that again
makes me really want to go back see dad
yeah don't you feel like the chi-gong
helped you um I think the reason that
stopped me was my Shifu for it not
helping me I think if it's just me and
my thoughts and let's say well that I
had a Shifu amah Master Shifu and I
think sometimes his words he said well
we would do the chi gong stop me from
relaxing cuz he would see it say things
that didn't sit well with me so I wasn't
really in my space it wasn't peace but
now that I'm alone I want to try that
again what would he say that wouldn't
sit well he would say things like this
is sip example like you should stop
listening to music you should take the
world and realize what's going around
you and I was like but I like being in
my music space I mean I understand what
he means but the demo was like hmm I
don't want to hear that no oh oh dude I
mean I kind of want to know what do you
mean oh here's the problem with Shi Fu's
okay yes and gurus is so like every now
and then there's like an enlightened
master and they really understand
something and then they teach their
disciples and then the problem is that
their disciples because
the master knows what the disciple needs
they tailor their teachings to a
particular disciple the problem is that
once the disciple grows up and then sort
of becomes a master may not be a truly
enlightened master but in the tradition
he like gets promoted and then he starts
teaching the problem is that the
teachings that he offers other people
are the teachings that his master gave
him which he believes are the true
teachings because they worked for him
but they're not true they just worked
for him and then they try to tell people
to like not listen to music yeah that's
so that was his path but it's not your
path hmm and and that's I see this a lot
so I have strong feelings about it
because I think that you know a good
teacher doesn't teaches you in the way
that you need to here not in the way
that they were taught mm-hmm yeah I
agree that's like so I thought she would
but stop me from fully submitting good
yeah thank God yes I am to me as I was a
little bit biased because he's like the
he did the choreographs for eight months
movies and was like oh my god that's so
awesome I want to be with him I wouldn't
be close to him so it could be close to
that pop culture yes I was a little bit
of a groupie to be honest yeah so that's
also you know the wrong reason and if
you're not careful there's a lot of
sexual misconduct and those kinds of
relationships - uh-huh
I don't think about that ya know I mean
it's I know a lot of people don't but
it's like it's a big problem all right
yeah okay huh yeah well the more you
know but it's you can't see so you said
we have like 10 minutes left do you need
to use that do you need to say something
or no no we can also go a little bit
over if you want to I don't mean to like
just you know that's what I was kind of
thinking about doing but if you have
questions I'm happy to answer no no I
just I'm just just in case I wanted to
check if there's something that someone
you mind that you really want to throw
it now so no it's very good no
main things so it sounds like you have a
meditative practice so I think that
that's great you want to just tell
people what Qigong is do because people
might not now oh I don't really know
myself to be honest sounds really oh
right now
sure like I actually have to sit on the
floor and like that's not it's like a
really personal space I don't think I
could I mean I could try to do it on
streem some one day know if it's like
very no don't don't share it if it's a
personal practice okay sorry but you can
google Qigong you can listen tell us
about it
okay it's again it's basically a type of
meditation which is connected to might
not be connected to again my Shifu set
those swings but I actually never
researched them so if I say something
please say stop that's not true so
basically he did Wing Chun and he
connected Qigong tubing Chun Wing Chun
is a martial art right yes and we would
do it every time before we would start
class we would do that to free our minds
and we do it afterwards for free our
minds especially it just to be one of
yourself and to be one with the one next
to you because it was like a group and
it's just about like being usually with
do it outdoors and it's like about being
connected to nature and just let you
mind flow it which is a little bit hard
when you're Shifu keeps talking so I
suggest just to listen to music or no
music at all just the nature sounds and
yeah so my understanding of Qi Gong is
that like so there are two practices
that are rooted in Indian and Chinese
culture so I I tend to focus on
Tai Chi or Tai Chi yeah and and so Tai
Chi is like kind of equivalent to what
is what common people think of as yoga
right which is Foster's so there's a
physical practice which is a mind-body
practice which in according to
scientific studies outperforms exercise
in terms of it's like healing capability
and its effect on depression and anxiety
and stuff like that so yoga and Tai Chi
are sort of equivalent and then yoga and
Tai Chi or or
young have paired practices that are
usually focused around the breath which
are brown I am and Qi Gong
so Branagh and Qi both mean the same
thing they mean life energy so what
their their practices that are actually
aimed at cultivating strengthening in
facilitating the flow of your life
energy or Qi yeah so yoga and Tai Chi
are like more physical practices Qi Gong
is a more energetic practice so I think
about it almost like in the realm of
energy healing and then our brawn I am
and then
meditation is actually even different
beyond that but that's that's how I sort
of conceptualize it what is meditation
like you said it's beyond that like what
so the first thing is that meditation
gets translated with two words that are
into English and one is a verb and one
is a state of mind so that oftentimes
confuses people
so meditation is something the state of
mind a meditation is something that
happens to you it's not something that
you do you can't meditate so Dionne is a
state of mind that happens to a person
when they are in a particular like
circumstance so you can cultivate it and
then da da na is a focusing practice
that's a verb so when I say I sit down
and I meditate on let's say you know
like a candle that's a verb I can sit
and I can stare at a candle for like 20
minutes and then if I'm lucky I enter a
particular state of mind while I'm
staring at the candle so the the realist
the truest form of meditation is not
even a verb it's not something that you
can do it's something that happens to
you it's a state it's not an action and
so in Qi Gong you may enter states of
mind of meditation I don't know let me
think if I know what the Chinese word
for that is I think they actually used
this they use the Sun script or Pali I
never really got into meditation
I always connect a method
maybe so Google was translating it as
Sean's own but I don't I'm not familiar
with that but I like how your voice
changed as soon as you said it cuz it's
a foreign awards it kind of went a
little bit different that's because I
used the my tone a pretty exaggerated
but that's his best decision although
it's been a while since you know I'm
rusty my Chinese is rusty but oh you
used to speak Chinese or yeah just sort
of how many Legos do you speak I mean at
various times of my life up to six let
me think about that
oh yeah but like not too well Donald's
okay but still impressive
so wait you're native English or yeah so
I'm not bilingual and then studied
Spanish through high school in college
and there's actually really hilarious
clip of me miss speaking Spanish oh and
then I also studied Mandarin and
Japanese because I was a weeb yeah and
then learned Hindi which is another
Indian language sort of along the way
right and I say all of them poorly now
what would do you speak of language or
what guys who speak German or yeah to be
honest I didn't really grow up bilingual
because my dad who's Asian Vietnamese he
grew up German so the country would help
me like I'd never learned it
unfortunately it's just English and
German and way aboot Japanese and
doesn't go beyond that we do is that is
that what how it's pronounced that's how
I print out like weep weeaboo it's like
way past the short-form has no family
is we boys we both always say weeaboo
maybe I am bronze no I know we abou
sounds far more cultured and far more
Japanese than Weibo which sounds like
Texan did y'all see those we bows down
there
you've got to be really careful there's
a we boys in the backyard they've got
their wife who's with him oh you got
that excellent of course oh yeah you
grew up there right I heard a little bit
about your black lives matter talk
before the stream that you said you grew
up there and you got a lot of negative
treatment due to you
I love Texas though I don't want to give
people the wrong impression
no I mean oh with racism and there was
actually I mean it's terrible but that
when I was growing up there was actually
a black man who was lynched in a in the
town next to where I lived it was
terrible and it was lynched yeah like I
don't think people have understood so
you know I think a lot of people talk
about I mean obviously people talk about
black lives matter but I don't think the
common American understands how bad
racism has been for how long of a time
mm-hmm like there were there were
literally like when I was growing up I
may have been like seven or eight years
old there were a group of people that
took a black man and tied him behind a
truck and drove until he died in that
[ __ ] happening back in like the late 80s
and 90s and it's cold are you I'm 37 huh
oh wow I mean yeah I can make sense I
mean all the experience you talked about
yeah okay cuz I figured like super first
law agrees I said like as I said I
forget like beginning of Ferdie but that
is no okay I'm just my maturity is
around 30 um I'm a few years behind no
it's that's fine I think I mean yeah
wow that that's actually that's that's
tough because in Germany let's say like
this I only had like one racist
experience and the rest wrote my life
that was pretty good but I've never
really seen actively racism in Germany
like you did mm-hmm that's a I mean they
I'm pretty sure we have racism in
Germany 100% it's just I I haven't seen
it Nick that yeah I think
you know the other interesting thing is
that like I think people underestimate
how much racism there is in the rest of
the world
Asians are awful yeah like so in India
like so I think America gets a bad rap
for being a super racist country I think
and in a sense we are but like I think
the big difference between you know part
some of my experiences in India and and
experiences here in the u.s. is that
like at least in the u.s. in the u.s.
like there's a fair number of people who
acknowledge that racism is a problem and
sure there are plenty of people who
don't think it's a big deal but in India
it's just so commonplace that it's like
completely accepted no one thinks that
it's a problem there hmm and it's like I
had so I was visiting a family member of
mine back in 2006 and then she was
asking me just you know about like you
know what was i up to and I was living
in a frat house in college at that time
as I told them yeah you know I've these
roommates just like all like tell me
about your friends and I was like yeah
you know I have a friend and he's a he's
like a 7-foot tall black dude and we
watch anime together and she was like
shocked and she was like aren't you
afraid he's gonna steal your stuff I was
like no she's like oh my god he's black
and she was like and like the thing is
like in India like people haven't seen a
black person it's just like in Asia it's
like still how strong the black and
white difference it's like when they see
white people like oh my god yes white
people when I see black people they're
like looking very judgy instead it's
awful
I see like the gazes people of color get
yeah in Asia it's even they own people
like if you're an Asian person and
you're like in the darker than the rest
you being discriminated for that as well
even though you're Asian yeah so this is
kind of cool I mean and no we're talking
about but so we do this with our our
producer so he's this guy named Moses
and Moses is going to do what wait is it
the mclovin guy yes
so so Moses so we're gonna do something
called put together a bio-data mm-hmm
what I'm confused about what anyway okay
just gonna wait wait I was confused
about your reaction oh and I saw a clip
of yours and I'm not sure if it's him
but it was someone of here who was on
the stream looks like mclovin from super
bed yeah hi girly so Moses what we're
gonna do is this is one of our stretch
goals for our fundraiser but we were
gonna get Moses to go on a virtual date
and then we're gonna we're gonna comment
in the background and and we Moses and I
were talking about I've actually done
this before where you know I used to be
pretty good at talking to women so like
what I would do like back when I was in
college is I would take my friends who
are like you know text chatting on AOL
Instant Messenger with girls and I would
flirt with the girls for them so that
they can go on a date and and so we were
Moses and I were talking about you know
whether I actually want to be like
coaching during the day you tell them
what to say or if we should just comment
with twitch chat no do it
do you like the excellent commentating
that's that's fun commentating or
telling him what to say think that both
like I think the comment is also fun but
I think actually telling me what to say
when he's like looking lost it's kind of
fun no but I mean I I think it anyway so
we were just joking about that the
reason I brought up Moses is because
actually so what we're gonna do so the
way we got to this is that in Indian
culture we have like arranged marriages
in the way that you find a candidate for
an arranged marriage is something called
a bio-data so it's like a resume but
about like like it actually so bio-datas
have existed long before online dating
profiles and it's basically an online
dating profile that people in India have
been doing for thousands of years so
they like create a profile for a person
it used to be like physical pieces of
paper that would get faxed across the
world and and part of the what they
would put on the bio-data is how dark or
light your skin is right and so it was
like they would ask you you know
slurring my sister that's okay okay so
please continue
how old is she she is dank free this
yeah oh that's so cool
I happen to Emma was three year old out
there then there's another one actually
well how is how old is she
and the older one yeah she is seven okay
hi ever I have an almost three year old
and an almost five-year-old weight both
both boys girls girls oh my god I
wouldn't exhausting now I think in my
case I still could be up a ceramic
exhaust of girls I want boys like that's
my goal like being a mom and having like
boys and maybe one girl I think cuz I
have follows sister so it's that's why I
say it's exhausting maybe if it's just -
I don't know
I think Parenthood in general is
exhausting but I find that user
I mean so like I took my two year old
God they are the oldest is five the real
trouble starts at the age of ten eleven
that's what I mean
yes right now they are really nice like
that ace you have read that ODEs it's
great so I took my to do you know wall
Marta's mm-hmm okay so I like what my
two-year-old was like to maybe like two
in half so she needed a new pair of
shoes and I don't really know anything
about fashion or clothing or art or
decoration or any of that stuff and I
mean you can see my room and this is how
I would leave but if it was my choice my
lipstick yeah and so I took my two year
old to Walmart one day because she
needed a new pair of shoes and like we
were in Texas so we went to Walmart
because that's what you do when you're
in Texas and then you know we like
looked at a wall of shoes and then like
I tried to get her I tried a couple on
and she didn't like them and then I was
like because she's - right so two year
old it's like like stuff and so then I
ended up asking I was like which one do
you want again she's like I don't want
to me I was like you don't want shoes
and she's like no and then left
empty-handed and then my wife was like
what
you know why don't you she needs shoes
and I was like she didn't want any of
them I thought it was great
she's 2 years old and she already like
knows what she wants and does I don't
have to learn that [ __ ] she kind of
takes care of ourselves it's pretty cool
yeah that's what I mean like at that age
they're pretty straightforward what they
want in their life and what they don't
that's why I said like the age of 10
turn 10 periods maybe depending on hold
or like in general puberty hits
definitely 11 L 11 12 I think even 10
most girls and that's a really difficult
time like my oldest sister she's not 14
just one year ago she was they went for
three years which was unbearable to be
honest like it was tough I was even when
I was really really bad at that age I
was like you considered an angel before
it had turned like the time and then it
just went downhill
but yeah yes I've heard of saying girls
yeah I just meant that yours unsink
yeah yeah about that I don't know if
that's like scientifically true or not
no but girls like to say like oh we
don't sing that's why we're both in the
bad mood we always say things like then
yeah that's you know we'll see I'll get
I'll get back to you but walk again in
ten years five to six years if I need
advice you can I got you I got enough to
okay yeah so you're so you've got your
four four sisters yeah I'm the oldest of
myth me five Oh with you five yeah I'll
go all girls cool the men we're not
strong enough in my family I guess not
yeah it's weird my my wife also so my
wife has two sisters mm-hmm so it's
three girls and then so far she and her
sister one of her sisters has kids so so
far their generation has produced three
girls uh-huh so like it's her and two
sisters no boys and then so far all of
their kids have been girl
oh thank you genetic like predisposition
towards breeding tourism that's
interesting cuz my my dad it's like okay
of course he's a boy so it doesn't come
but he's like one of the only ones and
the rest are all sisters and they
children are all girls except for one
boy so it's like just my dad one boy and
the rest all girls there may be some
kind of genetics like something about
the way that the egg develops or even
the spirit like there may be some kind
of I mean it could just be coincidence
because you know across the world there
gonna be millions of people who only
have girls right millions of people
whose girls only have girls just
statistically but sometimes it makes me
wonder now the more interesting thing is
that both my wife and her younger sister
are married to psychiatrists no way
there's a there's an interesting
question about whether her youngest
sister will also marry a psychiatrist
oh yeah that's actually whoa what I mean
at this point it's a really a
coincidence or it's just like a mistake
in them this is a bug query unclear oh
that's interesting
holy crap yeah I hope I have boys I hope
I break the circuit and for out some
boys yeah cool well you know yeah very
cool good luck with that you know I
would imagine that it's gonna be a
couple of years before you go down that
road but I mean in my family we all have
for every early children mmm and I've
already said to myself if everything
goes well like financially and like my
me bit because I always said like I
won't have children till I know I can
feed myself feeds to human beings and
just in case if something goes wrong
help my siblings it's like I need to
have that amount in order to say okay
now I can have children and I hope it's
like in the next 10 years yeah and yeah
that'd be great
well thanks cat yeah really don't ya
know yeah I think I think it can be good
to talk about light things and laugh
after we talk about heavy things
agreed yeah yeah it's like
after a night of drinking just having a
nice soup in the cup of tea that's how I
see it yeah yeah absolutely I haven't
done an item actually I had the most
alcohol I've had in a long time after
during one of our in one of our streams
in May I feel you
it streams and alcohol is just it's it's
dangerous what's funny
Ivan yeah yeah I definitely find us why
it's dangerous because I want to do it
all the time and yeah yeah it's hope so
Jane this has been fun great yeah I was
I think I unfortunately do have to kind
of get going but yep I know if there's
anything else that we can do to help you
or support you I'd love I'd love to hear
what you think about we've talked about
today and and you know you know down the
road like like think about it and see
what works for you and concretely one
thing I would suggest is that you really
do pay attention to the way that you
treat yourself mm-hmm and and really
think about whether you can cut yourself
a little bit of slack and whether it's
okay for you to not be perfect and
eventually for you to trust other human
beings I try yes they don't make it easy
they really don't this has been great I
am pleasantly surprised because I really
was the freight as I think so far we
also said things right nothing could be
clipped they could have been like out of
context like so I think we say from that
side as well maybe though we'll limp
limp joke don't underestimate what
twitch chat is capable of all right I
think I think one of the worst things
that you could possibly say is that we
didn't say anything that could be
clipped because now well god damn it yes
careful don't tempt them
sorry chats they're like temperamental
John's it's like as long as I respect
them they'll respect you but if you you
know if you say that Zeus doesn't can't
do [ __ ] to you then he's gonna strike
you as a lightning bolt and teach you
otherwise
well can we rewind is there like no but
yeah this has been fun yeah thank you
for having
me thank you thank you for coming and
thank you for you know sharing and being
honest and authentic and and funny and
entertaining and all that good stuff
my Beckett's you and you know good luck
seriously I mean that and if there's
some way we can support you down the
road or if you want to come back on
stream at some point let us know
stay safe obviously and and we I really
do hope you can start progressing again
yeah that would be it would be great I
just let first think and everything we
talked about and then we see further
yeah take care of Jake all right you too
bye okay
all righty guys so thank you guys very
much for coming and yeah so Jane is fun
yeah it's a lot of fun she's awesome and
I don't know if you guys saw what I was
seeing like I try to point it out to her
my hope is that y'all were able to catch
more of what I was trying to say then
maybe I could explain which I think
generally speaking twitches good at like
I think you guys I don't know if you
guys caught the subtlety of her self
judgment the subtlety of her like how
she's an island right so I think that's
the tricky thing is that like she views
herself as an island which is
understandable because when you view
yourself as an island you don't connect
to other human beings it's safe and and
you don't have to be hurt and yeah let
me just think about what else want to
say about that yeah you know I think at
some point we could talk about this sort
of hyper sexual thinking and try to
understand that a little bit better if
almost from a meditative aspect like
what's going on in terms of your mind
and how does it function and all that
kind of good stuff
Wow thanks for the you know bazillion
subs Paxton Lancaster dodged easy dodged
thanks man
thanks for the support bro I assume
you're a dude because your name is
Paxton but you never know so yeah you
know we can definitely explore that more
and try to understand the nature of the
origin of the sexual thoughts and dig
into the trauma and stuff like that but
my my my initial instinct is that like I
told her is that I think that you know
thoughts in your mind tend to serve a
particular purpose even if it's not a
healthy one like they're there for a
reason and I wonder if just the sexual
hyper sexual thinking gives her a way to
think about other people where she
doesn't have to think about them in
another way like it frees her from like
connecting and relating and like having
to trust people and oddly enough I think
what's incredibly traumatic about her
being beat up by a bunch of like when
she was seven years old
it's it's subtle but it's it's not just
that she was attacked by kids
it's that adult stood by and did nothing
and if you think about like feeling
isolated and hopeless and losing faith
in humanity it's being a child and
having adults watch as you get hurt and
and that's really devastating and I see
this a lot in terms of it's it's weird I
don't know how to say this but when I
work with people who grew up with
patients who like you know have PTSD
from like abusive households
oddly enough it's not the abusive parent
that causes them to lose faith in
humanity it's the parent who couldn't
stop or didn't try to stop the abusive
parent that's what really [ __ ] them in
terms of like you know damaging and and
to have a parent watch violet because
you know that your abusive parent is
sort of a bad parent but it's like the
other parent who loves you and like
literally will you know wipe the blood
off of your forehead and put a bandage
on
it's that parent standing by while you
get beat that can be like incredibly
devastating and I mean that overall you
know all that [ __ ] is sad but you know
so we can we can think a little bit I
really do hope that Jade starts to treat
herself better and I'm sure she maybe
she's gonna watch this but then I I
think the the reason that that really
becomes important is because you know if
you it sounds like she wants to be a mom
one day and I'm sure she's gonna be a
fantastic mom but one of the best gifts
she can give to her children is knowing
how to love herself because they're
going to learn they're gonna learn from
the way that she treats them but they're
also gonna learn from the way that she
treats herself so I really hope she gets
there because I think she's gonna be an
awesome mom and yeah so don't forget
that
don't forget that you deserve or you
should even if you care about other
people more than yourself that don't
underestimate the power of an impact of
the impact that you can make by being
healthy and caring about yourself
because you can help so much people by
just doing that you know yeah it's it's
it's really amazing what how you can
influence someone's life without without
really realizing it and I've seen all
kinds of profound impacts in my own life
and in other people's lives from you
know is something as simple as holding
the door or helping someone you know
like who's moving on the street like if
you just help them take a box up it's
like night and day and so and so you
really do deserve to treat yourself
better and and think about yourself in a
healthy way and don't underestimate the
impact that you'll have on other people
when you start loving yourself yeah so
thank you guys very much for supporting
what we do here I'm all up Kanodia I'm a
psychiatrist but really here I'm just
here as a person and our coaching
program launched yesterday and hopefully
it's working well I'll find out in about
an hour whether people are able to sign
up and actually like get connected and
all that kind of stuff because if we
vote those stuff with like just a lot of
brilliant people from our community with
very limited resources and thank you
guys for all of the support because now
we have more resources and we want to do
better for you guys because the system
right now doesn't do enough and so you
know that we can rage at the system all
we want to but it's been always been my
belief that you know Mahatma Gandhi sort
of used these words and that's be the
change that you want to see in the world
and so that's what we're here to do
we're here to you know tackle what we
can as individuals and I guess as a
group but really I just show up and I
try to do the best that I can and don't
underestimate the power of what you're
capable of if you just show up and try
to do the best that you can and no
amount of shame or being a piece of [ __ ]
or a fan
in life will ever take away the power
that you bring to the table when you
show up and you do the best that you can
and I think a lot of people across
America are doing that right now and I
think that that counts for a lot
so yeah Gandhi wasn't perfect
yeah I know Gandhi's flaws so I'll say
one last thing about Gandhi I think that
just because a person wasn't good
doesn't mean that you can't learn from
them and I try to look for knowledge
wherever I can find it and yeah
it's a pet oh I don't think he was a pet
of dad I haven't heard he was incredibly
racist
so that pet you know but anyway oh yeah
are studying DLC do we have time for
that